[SDTEST-3942] Add ddtest CI adoption guide (#38687)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/test_parallelization/configuration.md

Files under `.testoptimization/runner/cache/`, `.testoptimization/tests-discovery/`, and `.testoptimization/cache/http/*.json` are implementation details. Use them only for troubleshooting.

## Use a plan with another test runner

> Use a `ddtest` plan when you want `ddtest` to select runnable test files, but another runner should execute them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a `ddtest` plan when you want `ddtest` to select runnable test files, but another runner executes them.
```
